Workers Auth0 Tut - restore and fix - content/workers/tutorials/authorize-users-with-auth0/ (#7812)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/tutorials/authorize-users-with-auth0/_example-auth0.md

> Example of an Auth0 class that is compatible with module-style Workers.

Reviewer: Is this talking about ES modules?
```suggestion
Example of an Auth0 class that is compatible with Workers using ES modules format.
```
